Created modular glossary & key concepts (#181)
validmind/documentation: site/about/glossary/_ai.qmd

See [IBM's series on artificial intelligence](https://www.ibm.com/think/artificial-intelligence) for more in-depth resources.

artificial intelligence (AI)
: Srtificial intelligence is a broad term used to classify machines that mimic human intelligence and human cognitive functions like problem-solving and learning. 

deep-learning
: A subset of machine learning that uses multi-layered neural networks (deep neural networks) to simulate the complex decision-making power of the human brain. 

> generative AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generative AI (GenAI)
```

I see the abbreviated form almost more often than the full term, so suggesting we add it here.

: Generative AI refers to deep-learning models that can generate high-quality text, images, and other content based on the data they were trained on.

> large language models (LLM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
large language model (LLM)
```

Or use "LLMs" for the acronym but I would use the singular for the parent term.

> : Advanced types of artificial intelligence models designed to understand, generate, and interact with human language at a sophisticated level. (e.g. [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Advanced types of artificial intelligence models designed to understand, generate, and interact with human language at a sophisticated level, such as [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com).
```

Avoid brackets and avoid "e.g.", text just looks cleaner that way.
